What is the duration of The_Mechanical_Man?
 What is the duration of Son_of_the_Bride?
 What is the duration of Call_of_the_Sea?
 What is the duration of Terrible_Joe_Moran?
 What is the duration of Desert_Hearts?
 What is the duration of The_Female_Prince?
 What is the duration of Breath_Made_Visible?
 What is the duration of My_Name_Is_Earl?
 What is the duration of Nassim_al-Roh?
 What is the duration of Baywatch_Nights?
 What is the duration of Futari_no_hitomi?
 What is the duration of Finding_Kind?
 What is the duration of Commando_Leopard?
 What is the duration of Day_of_the_Idiots?
 What is the duration of Hard_Target?
 What is the duration of T\xc5\x8dki_Rakujitsu?
 What is the duration of The_Debt_Collector?
 What is the duration of Down_to_You?
 What is the duration of The_Legend_of_Calamity_Jane?
 What is the duration of Gardish?
 What is the duration of Miss_Robin_Crusoe?
When did Ada_Clare die?
 When did Edmund_Maude die?
 When did Anna_van_Egmont die?
 When did Laurent_Grimmonprez die?
 When did Prince_August_Leopold_of_Saxe-Coburg-Kohary die?
 When did Michael_Baumgarten die?
 When did Victor_Horsley die?
 When did Jacob_Struve die?
 When did Honinbo_Sansa die?
 When did Edgar_Huff die?
 When did Janet_Ayer_Fairbank die?
 When did Bernardus_IJzerdraat die?
 When did Ambrose_E._Gonzales die?
 When did Elliott_Jaques die?
 When did Harry_Mattos die?
 When did Jan_Langedijk die?
 When did Honinbo_Jowa die?
 When did Abdullah_Shraidi die?
 When did Tommy_Turk die?
 When did Vibhuti_Narayan_Singh die?
 When did Angelo_Inganni die?
 When did Piotr_Fergusson_Tepper die?
 When did Ada_de_Warenne die?
 When did Karl_Friedrich_von_dem_Knesebeck die?
 When did Russell_Bowles die?
 When did P._Ole_Fanger die?
 When did Hachiro_Maekawa die?
 When did Pedro_Angulo die?
 When did Samuel_Vedanayagam_Pillai die?
 When did William_Byrd die?
 When did Barbara_Castleton die?
 When did Karl_Rapp die?
 When did Henry_Mayhew die?
 When did John_A._Fulton die?
 When did Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach die?
 When did M._G._Smith die?
 When did Michael_Kelway_Oliver die?
 When did Ernest_Thoen die?
 When did Harry_Klinefelter die?
 When did Peter_Gee die?
 When did Allen_T._Klots die?
 When did Grand_Duchess_Anna_Leopoldovna_of_Russia die?
 When did Arundel_Wrighte die?
 When did Nils_Collett_Vogt die?
 When did Billy_Lee die?
 When did Malcolm_Whitman die?
 When did Paul_Hay_du_Chastelet die?
 When did Saint_Perpetuus die?
 When did Eochaid_Iarlaithe die?
 When did Eduardo_Lim die?
 When did Myrtle_Corbin die?
 When did Richard_Payne_Knight die?
 When did Masao_Harada die?
 When did Gildo_Arena die?
 When did Zadock_Cook die?
 When did Browder_J._Thompson die?
 When did James_H._Beal die?
 When did Dan_Frazer die?
 When did Alwyn_Bramley-Moore die?
 When did Robert_Ramsay_(cricketer) die?
 When did Arthur_Hogg die?
 When did John_Middleton_(giant) die?
 When did Juan_de_Araujo die?
 When did Robert_Taggart_Hall die?
 When did Edward_Francis_Ryan die?
 When did Montague_Ullman die?
 When did Charles_Martel
 When did Snipe_Hansen die?
 When did Jessie_Royce_Landis die?
 When did Daniel_Georg_Morhof die?
 When did Bill_Trotter die?
 When did Nikolai_Ekk die?
 When did Joshua_Fawcett die?
 When did Roger_Barlet die?
 When did Harry_James die?
 When did S._S._Koteliansky die?
 When did Sigmund_Neumann die?
 When did Julio_Bonetti die?
 When did Thawal_Thamrong_Navaswadhi die?
 When did Alberto_Lizzio die?
 When did Basil_Eugster die?
 When did Cheryl_Keeton die?
What is the GDP of Australia?
 What is the GDP of Cambodia?
 What is the GDP of India?
 What is the GDP of Colombia?
 What is the GDP of El_Salvador?
 What is the GDP of Tanzania?
 What is the GDP of France?
 What is the GDP of Senegal?
 What is the GDP of Namibia?
 What is the GDP of Slovakia?
 What is the GDP of Uruguay?
 What is the GDP of Turkmenistan?
 What is the GDP of Japan?
 What is the GDP of Canada?
 What is the GDP of Greece?
 What is the GDP of Mauritius?
 What is the GDP of Djibouti?
 What is the GDP of Tajikistan?
 What is the GDP of Burkina_Faso?
 What is the GDP of Nicaragua?
 What is the GDP of Hong_Kong?
 What is the GDP of Yemen?
 What is the GDP of South_Sudan?
 What is the GDP of Belgium?
 What is the GDP of Northern_Cyprus?
 What is the GDP of East_Timor?
 What is the GDP of Serbia?
 What is the GDP of Rwanda?
 What is the GDP of Philippines?
 What is the GDP of Sweden?
 What is the GDP of Taiwan?
 What is the GDP of Brazil?
 What is the GDP of Baltic_states?
 What is the GDP of Mongolia?
 What is the GDP of Benin?
 What is the GDP of French_Polynesia?
 What is the GDP of Burma?
 What is the GDP of United_Arab_Emirates?
 What is the GDP of Ukraine?
 What is the GDP of Burundi?
 What is the GDP of Kenya?
 What is the GDP of United_States?
 What is the GDP of Monaco?
 What is the GDP of Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo?
 What is the GDP of Armenia?
 What is the GDP of Republic_of_Macedonia?
 What is the GDP of Luxembourg?
 What is the GDP of Portugal?
 What is the GDP of Pakistan?
 What is the GDP of Switzerland?
 What is the GDP of Tonga?
 What is the GDP of Denmark?
 What is the GDP of Mauritania?
 What is the GDP of Ecuador?
 What is the GDP of Algeria?
 What is the GDP of Commonwealth_of_Independent_States?
 What is the GDP of Saint_Lucia?
 What is the GDP of African_Union?
 What is the GDP of Egovernment_in_the_UAE?
 What is the GDP of United_Kingdom?
 What is the GDP of Maldives?
 What is the GDP of Lesotho?
 What is the GDP of Oman?
 What is the GDP of Suriname?
 What is the GDP of Kyrgyzstan?
 What is the GDP of Gabon?
 What is the GDP of Ethiopia?
 What is the GDP of Liberia?
 What is the GDP of The_Gambia?
 What is the GDP of New_Zealand?
 What is the GDP of Central_African_Republic?
 What is the GDP of Kazakhstan?
 What is the GDP of Bolivia?
 What is the GDP of Poland?
 What is the GDP of Bulgaria?
 What is the GDP of Zimbabwe?
 What is the GDP of Malawi?
 What is the GDP of Angola?
 What is the GDP of Azerbaijan?
When was Gefle IF created?
 When was Liberty Property Trust created?
 When was Cannon Cadets created?
 When was Crosslee plc created?
 When was Eburia caymanensis created?
 When was Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation created?
 When was Trash Queens created?
 When was Machon Chana created?
 When was Figure IV Entertainment created?
 When was Dickebusch Old Military Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery created?
 When was Pterothrixidia created?
 When was California Department of Motor Vehicles created?
 When was Volta a Portugal created?
 When was Iron Cove Bridge created?
 When was Uni\xc3\xb3n de Santa Fe created?
 When was Govenlock
 Saskatchewan created?
 When was Ethmia hemicosma created?
 When was Shockley Semiconductor Laboratory created?
 When was National Lampoon Presents Cattle Call created?
 When was Estrella Foothills High School created?
 When was Bohol Wisdom School created?
 When was Gymnothorax tile created?
 When was New Romance for Kids created?
 When was If You Need a Reason EP created?
 When was Felix Dale Stone House created?
 When was The New Despotism created?
 When was A Taste of Power created?
 When was The Glamorous Life created?
 When was John Wesley Methodist Church created?
 When was Brambles Limited created?
 When was Teapacks created?
 When was Narbonne High School created?
 When was Bowyer Baronets created?
 When was Venetian Agreement created?
 When was Albanian water frog created?
 When was Immanuel General Mission created?
 When was Fotolog created?
 When was Combat Baby created?
 When was Fire in Space created?
 When was Excellent Italian Greyhound created?
 When was Dance Central created?
 When was Varsseveld railway station created?
 When was Makdee created?
 When was Peste Noire created?
 When was Geombinatorics created?
 When was Museu Paulista created?
 When was The Early Asimov created?
 When was Town Center at Boca Raton created?
 When was Advances in Geometry created?
 When was American Repertory Ballet created?
 When was Velvet City created?
 When was Emerald Software created?
 When was Triatoma protracta created?
 When was Agonopterix putridella created?
 When was Iowa Thunder created?
 When was Central Hospital
 Hatton created?
 When was Cambridge Inter-Collegiate Christian Union created?
 When was Hellinsia praenigratus created?
 When was Cocoa Locale created?
 When was Bless the Bride created?
 When was The Sarah Jane Adventures created?
 When was Voronezh State University created?
 When was Conspiritus created?
 When was Willy Nilly created?
 When was University of Applied Sciences Kufstein created?
 When was Glimpses of World History created?
 When was John Port School created?
 When was SKA SKVO Stadium created?
 When was Rosshall Academy created?
From where did William E. Dunn graduate?
 From where did Jean Baptiste Perrin graduate?
 From where did Dan Weinberg graduate?
 From where did Tonino Picula graduate?
 From where did Liesbeth Spies graduate?
 From where did Paula Aboud graduate?
 From where did Linda Partridge graduate?
 From where did Betty Makoni graduate?
 From where did Katherine Young graduate?
 From where did Sai Mauk Kham graduate?
 From where did Charles Herty graduate?
 From where did Bruce Vogel graduate?
 From where did Wim Eijk graduate?
 From where did Jens Martin Knudsen graduate?
 From where did Aurelia Frick graduate?
 From where did Howard Zimmerman graduate?
 From where did Aung San Suu Kyi graduate?
 From where did Peter Grassberger graduate?
 From where did Cathy Ann Bencivengo graduate?
 From where did Lasha Zhvania graduate?
 From where did Paul Bayes graduate?
 From where did Terence James Elkins graduate?
 From where did Alexander Bogdanov graduate?
 From where did Dai Bingguo graduate?
 From where did Muhammad Jamiruddin Sarkar graduate?
 From where did Sudarshani Fernandopulle graduate?
 From where did Homayoon Kazerooni graduate?
 From where did Dennis Heck graduate?
 From where did Banesh Hoffmann graduate?
 From where did Albion Rajkumar Banerjee graduate?
 From where did Vinod Johri graduate?
 From where did Kristen Modafferi graduate?
 From where did Hans Bethe graduate?
 From where did Christopher Coutu graduate?
 From where did Tessa Cam Rowe graduate?
 From where did Martha M. Walz graduate?
 From where did Lloyd Morrisett graduate?
 From where did Michael Brodkorb graduate?
 From where did Arnold Klebs graduate?
 From where did Ilhi Synn graduate?
 From where did Tony Zielinski graduate?
 From where did Richard Griffiths graduate?
 From where did Kai Gehring graduate?
 From where did Johann Friedrich Blumenbach graduate?
 From where did Frank Grillo graduate?
 From where did Roger Jepsen graduate?
 From where did James Rollins graduate?
 From where did Louise Bogan graduate?
 From where did Harry Klinefelter graduate?
 From where did Cleveland Hoadley Dodge graduate?
 From where did Niels Christian Ditleff graduate?
 From where did David Mundell graduate?
 From where did Kanti Bajpai graduate?
 From where did Jack Straw graduate?
 From where did Willem Alberda van Ekenstein graduate?
 From where did Mohamed Ghonim graduate?
 From where did Aaron Bobick graduate?
 From where did Steven Reigns graduate?
 From where did Will Sessoms graduate?
 From where did Steve Laffey graduate?
 From where did William James Mayo graduate?
 From where did Andrew Proud graduate?
 From where did Austin Abbott graduate?
 From where did Max Tishler graduate?
 From where did Steve Lathrop graduate?
 From where did Ilya Ivanovich Ivanov graduate?
 From where did Jerzy Strzelczyk graduate?
 From where did Grace Diaz graduate?
 From where did Hermes Binner graduate?
 From where did Shere Hite graduate?
 From where did Samuel Zoll graduate?
 From where did Carl Harries graduate?
 From where did Hod Lipson graduate?
 From where did Diana Gribbon Motz graduate?
 From where did Hema Ellawala graduate?
 From where did Bruce William Stillman graduate?
 From where did Max Tegmark graduate?
 From where did Ram Charan graduate?
Who is Lee Blessing married to?
 Who is Kate Fenton married to?
 Who is June Havoc married to?
 Who is Conrad Black married to?
 Who is Kay Lenz married to?
 Who is George Adamson married to?
 Who is Anna van Egmont married to?
 Who is Dame Mary Cook married to?
 Who is Gruffydd ap Llywelyn married to?
 Who is Reiko Sato married to?
 Who is Doug Hughes married to?
 Who is Prince August Leopold of Saxe-Coburg-Kohary married to?
 Who is Daliyetemishi married to?
 Who is Douglas Botting married to?
 Who is Jackie Lynn Taylor married to?
 Who is Lynne Frederick married to?
 Who is Medea Benjamin married to?
 Who is Lydia Clarke married to?
 Who is Pamela Green married to?
 Who is Aung San Suu Kyi married to?
 Who is Sue McIntosh married to?
 Who is Martin David Jenkins married to?
 Who is Leopold II of Belgium married to?
 Who is Richardis Catherine of Mecklenburg married to?
 Who is Bonacossa Borri married to?
 Who is Michael Constantine married to?
 Who is Sudarshani Fernandopulle married to?
 Who is Ellaline Terriss married to?
 Who is Michael Cobb married to?
 Who is Yogeeta Bali married to?
 Who is Norma Shearer married to?
 Who is Laurent de Brunhoff married to?
 Who is Sally Hayfron married to?
 Who is Helen Hayes married to?
 Who is Jean Todt married to?
 Who is Tommy Hinkley married to?
 Who is Marguerite Nichols married to?
 Who is Cornelis Hulsman married to?
 Who is Kirsty Young married to?
 Who is Trevor Eve married to?
 Who is Agnes Randolph married to?
 Who is Don Johnson married to?
 Who is Steve Bullock married to?
 Who is Nadine Trintignant married to?
 Who is Leonila Garcia married to?
 Who is Frank Grillo married to?
 Who is Don Imus married to?
 Who is Barbara Payton married to?
 Who is Jack Straw married to?
 Who is \xc3\x89lodie Bouchez married to?
 Who is Jan Rooney married to?
 Who is Wayne Static married to?
 Who is Lee Radziwill married to?
 Who is Aida Desta married to?
 Who is Betty Deland married to?
 Who is Madeleine Gurdon married to?
 Who is Duchess Maria Antonia of Bavaria married to?
 Who is Constantius Chlorus married to?
 Who is Maria Bissell Hotchkiss married to?
 Who is Pamela Erickson married to?
 Who is Carole Cook married to?
 Who is Yolanthe Sneijder-Cabau married to?
 Who is Charles Montague Cooke married to?
 Who is Imperial Noble Consort Zhuangjing married to?
 Who is Mohammed Nadir Shah married to?
 Who is Callista Chimombo married to?
 Who is Betsy Brantley married to?
 Who is Lydia Taft married to?
 Who is Diana Gribbon Motz married to?
 Who is Virginia Leith married to?
 Who is Apollonia Kotero married to?
 Who is Agnes Hedwig of Anhalt married to?
 Who is Gerd Hegnell married to?
 Who is Nicholas Tse married to?
 Who is Rue McClanahan married to?
 Who is Neil Hopkins married to?
 Who is Kate Humble married to?
 Who is Luz Magsaysay married to?
 Who is Lina Heydrich married to?
Where does William E. Dunn live in?
 Where does Dan Weinberg live in?
 Where does Paula Aboud live in?
 Where does Liesbeth Spies live in?
 Where does Frannie Hughes live in?
 Where does Betty Makoni live in?
 Where does Sai Mauk Kham live in?
 Where does Noel Ratcliffe live in?
 Where does Bruce Vogel live in?
 Where does Medea Benjamin live in?
 Where does Anurag Thakur live in?
 Where does Martin David Jenkins live in?
 Where does Peter Grassberger live in?
 Where does Thomas Vezzetti live in?
 Where does David Spero live in?
 Where does Li Zhe live in?
 Where does Andrew Wang live in?
 Where does Dennis Heck live in?
 Where does Banesh Hoffmann live in?
 Where does Vinod Johri live in?
 Where does Ahmad Behzad live in?
 Where does Hans Bethe live in?
 Where does John Magnier live in?
 Where does Lise Th\xc3\xa9riault live in?
 Where does Christopher Coutu live in?
 Where does Michael Brodkorb live in?
 Where does Gordon Vance live in?
 Where does Karl Friedrich von dem Knesebeck live in?
 Where does Arnold Klebs live in?
 Where does Joe Seng live in?
 Where does Simeon Thoresen live in?
 Where does Tony Zielinski live in?
 Where does Annika S\xc3\xb6renstam live in?
 Where does Frank Shu live in?
 Where does Shingo Nanami live in?
 Where does Greg Chalmers live in?
 Where does Darryl Willis live in?
 Where does Patrick Chovanec live in?
 Where does Felicia Zhang live in?
 Where does Rasool Ellore live in?
 Where does John Eder live in?
 Where does Aaron Bobick live in?
 Where does Paul Eales live in?
 Where does Morgan Griffith live in?
 Where does Charles Napier Smith live in?
 Where does \xc4\xb0lyas Demir live in?
 Where does Derek James live in?
 Where does Steve Laffey live in?
 Where does Stewart Liff live in?
 Where does Mike Rinder live in?
 Where does Shawn Mickelonis live in?
 Where does Andrew Proud live in?
 Where does Daryl Katz live in?
 Where does Ann-Blair Thornton live in?
 Where does Paty Ripple Kyndiah live in?
 Where does Aubrey de Grey live in?
 Where does John Desmond Bernal live in?
 Where does Steve Lathrop live in?
 Where does Robert Jauch live in?
 Where does Michael Sather live in?
 Where does Patrick Chapin live in?
 Where does Mira Adanja-Polak live in?
 Where does Jharna Das live in?
 Where does Grace Diaz live in?
 Where does Roland Carl Backhouse live in?
 Where does Viktor Troicki live in?
 Where does Iva Majoli live in?
 Where does Carl Harries live in?
 Where does Gheorghe Remenco live in?
 Where does Hod Lipson live in?
 Where does Donna Cansfield live in?
 Where does Christer Allgardh live in?
 Where does Bruce William Stillman live in?
 Where does Ram Charan live in?
 Where does Michail Makarow live in?
 Where does Dag Kavlie live in?
 Where does Freya Hoffmeister live in?
 Where does Zeev Zalevsky live in?
For whom did Nicola Piovani write music for?
 For whom did Michael Berkeley write music for?
 For whom did John Abram write music for?
 For whom did Lesley Barber write music for?
 For whom did George Shaw write music for?
 For whom did Lee Pockriss write music for?
 For whom did Gopi Sunder write music for?
 For whom did Nate Walcott write music for?
 For whom did Peter Matz write music for?
 For whom did Shuki Levy write music for?
 For whom did Susumu Hirasawa write music for?
 For whom did John Winslow Bissell write music for?
 For whom did Jack Lawrence write music for?
 For whom did David Bagsby write music for?
 For whom did Scott Bradley write music for?
 For whom did Eddie Barclay write music for?
 For whom did Andrew Hewitt write music for?
 For whom did Barry Melton write music for?
 For whom did Paul Kalkbrenner write music for?
 For whom did Sanjeev Darshan write music for?
 For whom did Gilberto Gil write music for?
 For whom did Matisyahu write music for?
 For whom did Ervin Drake write music for?
 For whom did Rodney Jerkins write music for?
 For whom did Cliff Sarde write music for?
 For whom did Jean Bizet write music for?
 For whom did Kiril Makedonski write music for?
 For whom did Nouman Javaid write music for?
 For whom did Avadhoot Gupte write music for?
 For whom did Atif Aslam write music for?
 For whom did George Brand write music for?
 For whom did Tito Larriva write music for?
 For whom did George Koller write music for?
 For whom did Suzanne Ciani write music for?
 For whom did Orfeh write music for?
 For whom did Harvey Brooks write music for?
 For whom did Harry Richman write music for?
 For whom did Ralph Stover write music for?
 For whom did Lanny Meyers write music for?
 For whom did Gopal Yonzon write music for?
 For whom did Rodrigo Lopresti write music for?
 For whom did Basil Poledouris write music for?
 For whom did Brandon Patton write music for?
 For whom did Jason Cooper write music for?
 For whom did Philip Glass write music for?
 For whom did David Cerda write music for?
 For whom did John Lennon write music for?
 For whom did Leonard Salzedo write music for?
 For whom did Carlo Crivelli write music for?
 For whom did Stephen Sondheim write music for?
 For whom did Paul Chihara write music for?
 For whom did Thomas Knak write music for?
 For whom did Neneh Cherry write music for?
 For whom did Keith Secola write music for?
 For whom did Norman Campbell write music for?
 For whom did Vince Guaraldi write music for?
 For whom did William Ashford write music for?
 For whom did Steve Zuckerman write music for?
 For whom did Mike Curb write music for?
 For whom did Maurice Thiriet write music for?
 For whom did Frank Wildhorn write music for?
 For whom did Shoaib Mansoor write music for?
 For whom did Peter Himmelman write music for?
 For whom did Lyn Murray write music for?
 For whom did Jack Hues write music for?
 For whom did Timo Salminen write music for?
 For whom did John Frusciante write music for?
 For whom did Tony Geiss write music for?
 For whom did Steve Goodman write music for?
 For whom did Jim Jacobs write music for?
 For whom did Oliver Nelson write music for?
 For whom did Willie Reale write music for?
 For whom did Leevi Madetoja write music for?
 For whom did Bert Shefter write music for?
 For whom did Sol Yaged write music for?
 For whom did Michael Hampton write music for?
 For whom did Edward Heyman write music for?
 For whom did Roman Vlad write music for?
 For whom did Melissa Manchester write music for?
 For whom did Ryan Miller write music for?
What is the official language of Florida ?
 What is the official language of Finland ?
 What is the official language of Mali ?
 What is the official language of Surat ?
 What is the official language of Ketti ?
 What is the official language of Vatican City ?
 What is the official language of Mijhaura ?
 What is the official language of French Fifth Republic ?
 What is the official language of Niger ?
 What is the official language of Guinea-Bissau ?
 What is the official language of Vietnam ?
 What is the official language of Saudi Arabia ?
 What is the official language of Grenada ?
 What is the official language of Sint Maarten ?
 What is the official language of Yamuna Vihar ?
 What is the official language of Togo ?
 What is the official language of Cambodia ?
 What is the official language of India ?
 What is the official language of Arkansas ?
 What is the official language of Greenland ?
 What is the official language of Kasaragod ?
 What is the official language of Namibia ?
 What is the official language of Pedaparupudi ?
 What is the official language of Hemawas ?
 What is the official language of Slovakia ?
 What is the official language of Chernivtsi Oblast ?
 What is the official language of Turkmenistan ?
 What is the official language of Uruguay ?
 What is the official language of Mattur ?
 What is the official language of Canada ?
 What is the official language of Gobichettipalayam ?
 What is the official language of Chitradurga district ?
 What is the official language of Greece ?
 What is the official language of Rohtak ?
 What is the official language of Mauritius ?
 What is the official language of Mandi Dabwali ?
 What is the official language of Eritrean Federation with Tigray ?
 What is the official language of Djibouti ?
 What is the official language of Kasangadu ?
 What is the official language of Falna ?
 What is the official language of Tajikistan ?
 What is the official language of Sullia ?
 What is the official language of Purnia ?
 What is the official language of Mirzapur Niloni ?
 What is the official language of Burkina Faso ?
 What is the official language of Montserrat ?
 What is the official language of Kollemcode ?
 What is the official language of Cuttack ?
 What is the official language of Aratlakatta ?
 What is the official language of Nicaragua ?
 What is the official language of Erinpura ?
 What is the official language of Vaibhavwadi ?
 What is the official language of Siana
 Rajasthan ?
 What is the official language of Hong Kong ?
 What is the official language of Yemen ?
 What is the official language of Nauru ?
 What is the official language of Belgium ?
 What is the official language of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast ?
 What is the official language of South Sudan ?
 What is the official language of Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ?
 What is the official language of Tiruvallur district ?
 What is the official language of Yukon ?
 What is the official language of Shimla district ?
 What is the official language of Nova Scotia ?
 What is the official language of Kunchepalli ?
 What is the official language of Northern Cyprus ?
 What is the official language of Frisia ?
 What is the official language of Banki
 Uttar Pradesh ?
 What is the official language of Northwest Territories ?
 What is the official language of Rath
 India ?
 What is the official language of Rawla Mandi ?
 What is the official language of Duggaladka ?
 What is the official language of Serbia ?
 What is the official language of East Timor ?
 What is the official language of Northland State ?
 What is the official language of Bassir ?
 What is the official language of Rwanda ?
 What is the official language of Uttara Kannada ?
 What is the official language of Vojvodina ?
 What is the official language of Philippines ?